BUG: inconsistency between frame.any/all with dt64 vs dt64tz (#38723)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.2.1.rst

- The deprecated attributes ``_AXIS_NAMES`` and ``_AXIS_NUMBERS`` of :class:`DataFrame` and :class:`Series` will no longer show up in ``dir`` or ``inspect.getmembers`` calls (:issue:`38740`)
- :meth:`to_csv` created corrupted zip files when there were more rows than ``chunksize`` (issue:`38714`)
- Bug in repr of float-like strings of an ``object`` dtype having trailing 0's truncated after the decimal (:issue:`38708`)

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.any` and :meth:`DataFrame.all` behaving differently for tznaive vs tzaware ``datetime64`` dtypes (:issue:`38723`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in :meth:`DataFrame.any` and :meth:`DataFrame.all` not returning a result for tz-aware ``datetime64`` columns (:issue:`38723`)
```
